documentation/packages.md, before:

## Packages
### [API](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-api/webiny-api) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-api%2Fwebiny-api%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-api%2Fwebiny-api%2Fpackage.json)
Express middleware to quickly build powerful REST APIs.
 
### [API Security](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-api/webiny-api-security) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-api%2Fwebiny-api-security%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-api%2Fwebiny-api-security%2Fpackage.json)
Provides an app which handles security layer for your project. It includes both authentication and authorization mechanisms.

### [Compose](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-utils/webiny-compose) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-compose%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-compose%2Fpackage.json)
Compose multiple functions into a connect-style middleware.
 
### [Data Extractor](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-utils/webiny-data-extractor) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-data-extractor%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-data-extractor%2Fpackage.json)
A small library for easy async data extraction, using dot and square brackets notation.

### [Entity](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-utils/webiny-entity) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-entity%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-entity%2Fpackage.json)
Entity layer which can work with various database / storage systems like MySQL, MongoDB and even IndexedDB or localStorage if needed.

##### [Memory](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-utils/webiny-entity-memory) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-entity-memory%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-entity-memory%2Fpackage.json)
A in-memory driver for `webiny-entity`.

##### [MySQL](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-utils/webiny-entity-mysql) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-entity-mysql%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-entity-mysql%2Fpackage.json)
A MySQL driver for `webiny-entity`.

### [File Storage](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-utils/webiny-file-storage) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-file-storage%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-file-storage%2Fpackage.json)
A plugginable file storage package.

##### [Amazon S3](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-utils/webiny-file-storage-s3) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-file-storage-s3%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-file-storage-s3%2Fpackage.json)
AWS S3 driver for `webiny-file-storage` interface. 

##### [Local Storage](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-utils/webiny-file-storage-local) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-file-storage-local%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-file-storage-local%2Fpackage.json)
A local filesystem storage driver for `webiny-file-storage`.

### [Model](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-utils/webiny-model) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-model%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-model%2Fpackage.json)
Model, store and validate data using models. 

### [Scripts](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-utils/webiny-scripts) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-scripts%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-scripts%2Fpackage.json)
A set of utility scripts for development and production builds (currently used with `webiny-client` projects).

### [SQL Builder](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-utils/webiny-sql-query-builder) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-sql-query-builder%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-sql-query-builder%2Fpackage.json)
An SQL query builder.

### [Validation](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-utils/webiny-validation) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-validation%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-validation%2Fpackage.json)
A simple, pluginable and async data validation library, packed with frequently used validators like `required`, `email`, `url`, `creditCard` etc.

Commit message:

refactor(webiny-sql-query-builder): Rename to webiny-sql-generator

documentation/packages.md, after:

## Packages
### [API](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-api/webiny-api) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-api%2Fwebiny-api%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-api%2Fwebiny-api%2Fpackage.json)
Express middleware to quickly build powerful REST APIs.
 
### [API Security](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-api/webiny-api-security) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-api%2Fwebiny-api-security%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-api%2Fwebiny-api-security%2Fpackage.json)
Provides an app which handles security layer for your project. It includes both authentication and authorization mechanisms.

### [Compose](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-utils/webiny-compose) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-compose%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-compose%2Fpackage.json)
Compose multiple functions into a connect-style middleware.
 
### [Data Extractor](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-utils/webiny-data-extractor) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-data-extractor%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-data-extractor%2Fpackage.json)
A small library for easy async data extraction, using dot and square brackets notation.

### [Entity](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-utils/webiny-entity) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-entity%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-entity%2Fpackage.json)
Entity layer which can work with various database / storage systems like MySQL, MongoDB and even IndexedDB or localStorage if needed.

##### [Memory](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-utils/webiny-entity-memory) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-entity-memory%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-entity-memory%2Fpackage.json)
A in-memory driver for `webiny-entity`.

##### [MySQL](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-utils/webiny-entity-mysql) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-entity-mysql%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-entity-mysql%2Fpackage.json)
A MySQL driver for `webiny-entity`.

### [File Storage](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-utils/webiny-file-storage) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-file-storage%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-file-storage%2Fpackage.json)
A plugginable file storage package.

##### [Amazon S3](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-utils/webiny-file-storage-s3) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-file-storage-s3%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-file-storage-s3%2Fpackage.json)
AWS S3 driver for `webiny-file-storage` interface. 

##### [Local Storage](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-utils/webiny-file-storage-local) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-file-storage-local%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-file-storage-local%2Fpackage.json)
A local filesystem storage driver for `webiny-file-storage`.

### [Model](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-utils/webiny-model) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-model%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-model%2Fpackage.json)
Model, store and validate data using models. 

### [Scripts](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-utils/webiny-scripts) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-scripts%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-scripts%2Fpackage.json)
A set of utility scripts for development and production builds (currently used with `webiny-client` projects).

### [SQL Builder](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-utils/webiny-sql-generator) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-sql-generator%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-sql-generator%2Fpackage.json)
SQL builder that can form SQL queries and other various commands.

### [Validation](https://github.com/Webiny/webiny-js/tree/master/packages-utils/webiny-validation) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js/badge.svg?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-validation%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/webiny/webiny-js?targetFile=packages-utils%2Fwebiny-validation%2Fpackage.json)
A simple, pluginable and async data validation library, packed with frequently used validators like `required`, `email`, `url`, `creditCard` etc.
